# Isaac's Wiki

## Who
My name is Jiaxi(or you can call me Isaac). I'm a college student in Xi'an, China. I love design, code, & making things work. When not changing the world, I enjoy rock music, video games, basketball, & writing.

[gimmick:googlemaps](Xi'an, China)

## What

We all know about Wikipedia, that vast storehouse of online knowledge that is also the poster child for sometimes inaccurate data. Why do people say you can't trust it? Because it's a wiki.

A wiki comes from the Hawaiian word for "quick" and, as Wikipedia defines it, is "a website whose users can add, modify, or delete its content via a Web browser using a simplified markup language or a rich-text editor." That means it's created by both experts and amateurs, but it also means it has the knowledge and input of literally thousands of contributors.

## Why

Wikis are very useful and can make you more productive. You can think of a personal wiki like a bit of a catch-all binder.

There are all sorts of possibilities with personal wiki:

* **Empty your head**: use your wiki to empty your head of thoughts and get them down so you don’t need to worry about them. Insomniac? Try this! This is also a core principle of GTD, so if you’re unhappy with your current method, this could work for you.

* **Note-taking**: Evernote too much for you? Blasphemy! Just kidding—a personal wiki can be a great note-taking app, whether it’s for ideas throughout the day, meetings, or lectures.

* **Personal Knowledgebase**: keep forgetting how that fancy can-opener works? Write the method down in your wiki (no kidding, I once had a can-opener that I kept forgetting how to use). What about moving house? There are a million and one things that need doing then—least of which is the endless list of companies and organizations you need to inform that you’ve changed your address. Get that list completed in your wiki and you can check it off next time you move.

* **Writer’s Desk**: I know a freelance writer who used a wiki as a word processor and client tracker in Internet cafes until she could afford a computer of her own. Unusual, but effective!

* **Client manager**: as I mentioned, my friend didn’t just use the wiki as a word processor, but to keep notes on clients. Keep your client contact details, invoicing dates, project details and past work in a wiki for easy reference.

* **Joint projects**: work on documents collaboratively with colleagues, or a freelancer you’ve teamed up with. It’s not the best collaborative word processor ever, but it’ll get the job done.

* **Project Management**: got a big project from a client or your employer to plan out and execute? Perhaps you’re planning a wedding and need someplace to keep track of all the annoying details and headaches involved (I wish I’d thought of this for my own!). Wikis can be highly effective project managers.

## How

This website is generated by [Mdwiki](http://mdwiki.info). Thanks for all the contributors.

However, if you're a beginner or anti-geek, [Scribbleton](http://scribbleton.com) may be your better choice.

## Contact

[gimmick:TwitterFollow](@isaac_koo)
